README.md, before:

Welcome to Super Calculator what the stranded computer calculator should be!
version .2

~Features~
-supports all normal functions EX. + - * / % ect.
-supports powers ex 2^2=4   2E2=2x10^2
-supports roots ex sqrt4=2    3root8=cuberoot8=2
-supports trig functions ex sin(pi)=0  asin0=pi
-supports logarithms ex log10=1  lne=1
-supports parentheses ex 2+((1+1)(8-6))=6  sqrt(2+2)=4
-you can create variables and use them ex b=3 then b+1=4    foo= (9-1)*2 then foo-1=15
-see all of your variables by typeing "mem"
-a label that displays the previous calculation
-you can go back and view previous calculations with up/down arrow keys
-press enter with a blank text box and while on a previous calculation and that calculation will be inserted into the text box
-press enter with a blank text box and the most recent calculation in the label to insert the last answer into the text box

~new in v.2~
-added ability to create and use functions
-improved solver engine
-added more coments
-tidyed up classes a little(still have more work to do updateing all of the code)
-new button interface
-other small improvements 

~TODO~
-finish GUI
-finish functionality of the menu bar(right now only function menu works)
-have settings for rounding and other options
-save settings to file
-save mem to a file for later use
-create easy way to learn how to use it
-make code more easy to read

Questions? Email me at jeremy.littel@gmail.com

Commit message:

v .6
-updated read me
-added support for lists EX. list = {1,2}
-lists can be used in summations EX. sum(list, x) = 3 for list={1,2}
-lists can be used in functions (I've added a few defualt functinos for
lists as examples)

README.md, after:

Welcome to Super Calculator what the stranded computer calculator should be!
version .6

~Features~
-supports all normal functions EX. + - * / % ect.
-supports powers ex 2^2=4   2E2=2x10^2
-supports roots ex sqrt4=2    3root8=cuberoot8=2
-supports trig functions ex sin(pi)=0  asin0=pi
-supports logarithms ex log10=1  lne=1
-supports parentheses ex 2+((1+1)(8-6))=6  sqrt(2+2)=4
-smart text field
-you can create variables and use them ex b=3 then b+1=4    foo= (9-1)*2 then foo-1=15
-see all of your variables by typeing "mem"
-a label that displays the previous calculation
-you can go back and view previous calculations with up/down arrow keys
-press enter with a blank text box and while on a previous calculation and that calculation will be inserted into the text box
-press enter with a blank text box and the most recent calculation in the label to insert the last answer into the text box
-can create and use your own functions by using the Functions menu bar item 
-typing in "last" will automaticly put your last answer into the box
-supports summations: format is "sum(start,count,function)" EX. sum(1,2, x^x) = 5
-supports lists in formant {1,2,3} EX. list = {1,2,3} (can only be used in summations currently)
-supports lists in summation functions: format is "sum(list, function)" EX. sum({1,2},x^x)=5
-lists can be used as arguments in functions
-can save your functions and variables to a file




~TODO~
-finish GUI
-finish functionality of the menu bar(right now only function menu works)
-have settings for rounding and other options
-save settings to file
-create easy way to learn how to use it
-make code more easy to read
-more support for lists

Questions? Email me at jeremy.littel@gmail.com
